Added ServiceControl multi major version upgrade guidance (#5554)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/installation.md

* Run the new binaries to create required queues
* Start the service

To upgrade multiple majors the following approach needs to be taken:

> - Upgrade the the latest minor.patch release within a give major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade to the latest minor.patch release within a given major
```

Reviewer 2: I would maybe even make this the current major

```suggestion
- Upgrade to the latest minor.patch release within a currently installed major
```

>   - When v1.34.0 is installed, then install v1.48.0 and update all instances

Reviewer 2: I would consider pulling the step to update all instances out as a separate section. Maybe above this. 

```
Each instance of ServiceControl needs to be updated separately. Whenever updating to a new version of ServiceControl:

- Download the new installer
- On each machine with ServiceControl instances:
  - Install the new version
  - Open ServiceControl Management and update each instance
```

> - Then upgrade the latest minor patch release of the **next** major 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then upgrade to the latest minor patch release of the **next** major 
```

  - When 1.48.0 is installed, install 2.1.5 and update all instances.

> - Continue with the last step until the system is update till the latest version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repeat the previous step until the system is up to date with the latest version
```

  - When 2.1.5 is installed, install 3.8.4 and update all instances.

>   - Then install 4.20.3 (current lateste version of this writing) and update all instances 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Then install 4.20.3 (current latest version at the time of this writing) and update all instances 
```

> NOTE: Upgrages *might* take a while to 

Reviewer: Something was left out here, what did you mean to add @ramonsmits ?

Author: @lailabougria updated the text, I indeed forgot to finish the sentence.

> NOTE: Upgrages *might* take a while to 

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Upgrades *might* take a while to run. Account for unavailability of ServiceControl and plan upgrade off hours.
```

> NOTE: Upgrades *might* take a while to run. Account for unavailability of ServiceControl and plan upgrade off hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Upgrades *might* take a while to run. Account for unavailability of ServiceControl and plan the upgrade off hours.
```

* Run the new binaries to create required queues
* Start the service

## Upgrade multiple majors

> A ServiceControl installation should be upgraded one major version at a time. Check the currently installed version of ServiceControl to look up the upgrade path in the table below. For each entry in the upgrade path, install the listed version and upgrade all ServiceControl instances to that version. Once all instances are upgraded and running, install the listed version in the next row until all instancen are upgraded to the latest version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A ServiceControl installation should be upgraded one major version at a time. Check the currently installed version of ServiceControl to look up the upgrade path in the table below. For each entry in the upgrade path, install the listed version and upgrade all ServiceControl instances to that version. Once all instances are upgraded and running, install the listed version in the next row until all instances are upgraded to the latest version.
```
